This text document just explains how each of the devices work and how they should be 
used/interacted with.


QTRX-HD-09RC - The reflectance sensor:

This device is used to essentially identify light intensity which can then be related
to colour (at least at a grey scale level).

How it works:
This a very simple circuit consisting of an emitter, receiver, capacitor and resistor.
The emitter is an infrared LED that can be activated through a microcontroller. The 
receiver is a phototransistor that takes in the infrared light emitted from the LED, 
the resistance of this phototransistor depends on the intensity of the light it is 
receiving, a higher intensity means less resistance. The capacitor and resistor are 
used for timing, the capacitor is automatically charged up through the path of the
resistor and is then ready to be discharged when the phototransistor receives some 
infrared light. The "RC" at the end of the name describes this capacitor-resistor 
circuit.

When the infrared LED is turned on, if a surface is close enough then the 
phototransistor will receive some of this as reflected light, the intensity of this 
reflected light depends upon the colour of the surface, a white surface will reflect 
the most amount of light and a black surface the least. The phototransistor is wired 
to make a connection to ground when activated so that the capacitor discharges through
this path. Because the resistance of the phototransistor depends on the intensity of 
the infrared light received as reflected light off of surfaces, and because the "time 
constant" is equal to the capacitance of the capacitor (a constant), multiplied by the
resistance, if the resistance is higher due to the surface being darker then the time 
that it takes for the capacitor to discharge will be longer. In simple words, the 
lighter a surface is, the quicker the capacitor will discharge, the time it takes to 
discharge can be measured through the Raspberry Pi. This is how you can tell what the 
colour is of the surface you are looking at with the sensor is. 

The "09" part of the name describes that we have an array of 9 of these circuits. Each 
circuit is wired up to their own pin on the reflectance sensor, which is why we need to 
hook up 9 individual GPIO pins on the Raspberry Pi. 

How it should be used:
