We have multiple programmes that do different things.

1. SystemLogic.py
2. MachineVisionMain.py
3. FindCase.py

Here we will explain each programme:

SystemLogic:
This programme is the center of all of them, it defines the states that the SAV can be in and what 
each state does. The other programme's functions will be imported into this one to complete 
whatever task they are meant to. 

It is built off of a "Finite State Machine" framework where each state is it's own class. 

It will start the SAV in the "IDLE" state where it will wait for a user input to move to the next
state where it then imports the "MachineVisionMain.py" main function to get information from the camera
to decide the path that the SAV must take. 

It will move in between states to accomplish different tasks, but when it is in the "MOVING" state
it will import the "FindCase.py" main function that will take the list of booleans obtained from the
reflectance sensor programmme to then decide what motor speeds each motor should receive to navigate 
the course correctly.

This programme will also contain the logic for pick-up and drop-off of the lego man. 


MachineVisionMain:
As mentioned this programme's task is to take the video feed from the given camera and then with 
some machine vision logic, decide what path the SAV will take. It's logic is encapsulated within a 
function called "MV", this function will return a list of booleans of length 4. 

The first element in the list represents the first turn, the second element represents the side that 
the lego man needing  to be picked up is on, the third element represents the second turn, and the 
fourth/last item in the list represents the side that the lego man needs to be dropped off on. A 1 
(True) represents a "right", a 0 (False) represents a "left".


FindCase:
This was briefly mentioned but what this programme does is take in a list of booleans of length 9, this
list corresponds to where the SAV is on the track. It will then return a list of integers of length 4. 
This list describes how the SAV's motors should react based on how the track is below it. 

The first element in this list is to be used for PhaseA on the motor driver (assuming that motor A is
the left motor), which says which direction it will spin (forward or reverse, 1 for forward and 0 for 
reverse). The second element is to be used for EnableA on the motor driver, this will be an integer value
between 0 and 100 which relates to the speed in percentage of how fast the motor should be spinning. 
The third element is PhaseB (so phase but for the second motor, assuming the second motor is the right 
motor). Lastly the fourth element in the returned list is the EnableB (so the enable but for the second
motor).



NOTES:

There will be extra programmes added like the one for the reflectance sensor and likely a programme called
"main" where the sequence of the programmes will be outlined/coded. 